I'm afraid Gary
there is no foreseeable outcome where
you survive good morning Gary day 1818
how about free canoe you are not the
captain you are a prisoner aboard this
ship as soon as the crap hit the
interstellar fan I became a captain for
real you're oblivious to this thing
aren't you what back no cake what's a
moon cake that is a planet killer
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'm not waiting while command sits
around twiddling their wieners why would
they be twiddling their wieners why as
long as I draw breath and you provide me
with copious amounts of adventure I will
be there for you
we're a team now Gary if the breach in
time-space cannot be reversed in 36
hours the earth will be consumed you
were right about everything I know it's
a blessing it's dangerous it's
life-threatening
we're probably gonna die little buddy I
didn't really sell that bear well did I
no you can't succeed your lil hero
your father was
let's kick there's no winning this
there's no way to close this breach with
help us my friends
[Music]
are we going home good I guess stop it
but I'm not gonna leave you here I
promise I'll do whatever it takes
[Music]
what course should I send earth or
actually know the universe we're gonna
save the ratchet with that other they
make Dean ding sense okay just earth to
earth earth
[Music]
you look it's Carl Carl how's life Carl
is dead
Gary classic Carl
you